I used the following apps / websites as inspiration for design, as well as comparisons following the conversations
I had with those I interviewed:
https://climeradar.com/ (NOAA - a US standard for radar. Useful for Navy pilot)
https://myradar.com/ (general radar app, very good in that simplicity)
https://www.windy.com/ (Useful for Navy surface ship assessments)
https://www.buienradar.nl/ (from the Netherlands, great for severity of rain, general radar usage, non-US example)


I used ChatGPT and the GPT Chat VSCode extension to help template and adjust this code.
 I used the chat feature to help learn / translate human desires into code changes for moving things around the page.
 
 Example uses: "Can I change my justifying for each element in top menu bar such that they are absolute, relative 
 only to the menu bar itself, not each other. i.e. the labels (Pro and Home) are centered evenly distributed from
 the center. The toggle bar is directly centered, and the settings irrespective of others is all the way to the 
 right with some relative buffer/margin (5%)" 

I used ChatGPT to generate the skeleton CSS code for the weather page and used the chat extension to
help learn how best to adjust certain aspects to get desired effects. 

I used the following prompts to get me started:
My weather app has an outer frame (whole phone), an inner frame (notchbar: which consists of a little ellipse
 for a camera hole, a time, and a battery %) and an inner frame for the viewable screen. The inner frame for 
 the viewable screen consists of a top menu bar (which itself has a sliding toggle button for Pro <--> Home and
  a settings button). Beneath that is a radar view taking most of the viewable screen, inside which has a 
  search button. Beneath that is big weather bar consisting of temperature, description (like Sunny) a high,
   a low, and an icon for the type of weather (sunny, cloudy, rainy, etc.) Lastly is a frame for quick access
    buttons, consisting of 6 quickaccess modulized buttons with some text and maybe icons inside of them. 
    To the right of this within this last frame is a little menu hamburger for customization. I need to recreate
     all this into an HTML and CSS, but nothing needs to be interactive. It just needs to be a static page.

How can I make the screen scale with the screen size well. If it's mobile phone/tablet, for instance,
 it auto-shapes well to it? It doesn't need a desktop mode, but if in desktop, just takes the height 
 of the frame and auto-adjusts, but still displays in a phone-looking format/window

When my screen is too wide, my radar image disappears, how can I fix that?